Sat in a big hall, some kind of assembly, public address or sermon about a prophecy of the 'Chosen One'. They said the Chosen One would be called Mark and that there were types of him in Harry Potter, then asked the crowd if any Marks were in the crowd. There were other conditions too but I can't remember them clearly. I furtively raised my hand, a pudgy, enthusiastic young man in front of me raised his hand enthusiastically. Everyone let out hushed oohs and ahs. I tried to say 'you have the wrong Mark' but the words caught in my throat as an invisible force choked me. I pushed and bellowed, YOU HAVE THE WRONG MARK. They all turned towards me and the speaker said something about both of my parents having anorexia in the prophecy (physically or spiritually starved?). I said some stuff which I can't remember, including something about them interpreting the prophecy wrong and that there are many Chosen Ones with the mark, not just one Chosen Mark. The rest of the dream is a blur. I remember a hospital, possibly a big psychiatric hospital, a running river with a series of gates of locks, driving around a white four by four and having to take a detour around the gates as the landscape shifted around me. The theme echoes psychiatric patients, possibly even staff, mistaking me for the Messiah. The many Chosen Ones with the mark also attunes with my post conversion insight into Christ's return being different than expected: a collective awakening and in-filling of His body on Earth before His full return.